Migrate Product Notion pages to the Contributor Handbook (#918)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/contribute/medic/product-development-process/_index.md

---
title: "Product Development Process"
linkTitle: "Product Development Process"
weight: 1
description: >
  Explanation of the Continuous Discovery process used for product development at Medic
---

> The Medic Product Team operates in a way that is most commonly referred to as [Continuous Discovery](/contribute/medic/product-development-process/continuous-discovery-overview). That process helps us to focus on the impact of our work and keep teammates well-aligned with the people who use the CHT.

Reviewer: For internal links throughout this PR it's better to use `{{% ref "..." $}}` rather than a regular link. This provides better checking for broken links at build time.

```suggestion
The Medic Product Team operates in a way that is most commonly referred to as [Continuous Discovery]({{% ref "continuous-discovery-overview" %}}). That process helps us to focus on the impact of our work and keep teammates well-aligned with the people who use the CHT.
```

To allow teammates to truly learn from and empathize with those using the CHT, the Medic Product team has cross-functional subteams, called [Focused Working Groups]({{% ref "focused-groups" %}}), each aligned with different user types. Each group is focused on a specific set of users of the CHT and has an aligned roadmap. Roadmaps are made up of defined initiatives, which map to goals and strategies. There is a big emphasis on working towards outcomes (not only *outputs*). Product teammates work together, across disciplines, to understand opportunities for improvement, find solutions that will have an impact, and then build, deploy, and measure them.

As part of responsible maintainers of a software system, software engineers also dedicate time to performing [Code Health]({{% ref "code-health" %}}) tasks. That ensures updates, upgrades, code enhancements, and small bugs are still handled while the team works on highly focused user-facing objectives.

> Each Focused Working Group has defined OKRs, which set their focus for a given quarter.

Reviewer 2: Given the recent feedback on having more transparency into the product team, I think we should improve this line:
```suggestion
Each Focused Working Group has defined Objectives and Key Results (OKRs), which set their focus for a given quarter. These, in turn, are derived from the Product Team's yearly Objective Goals Strategies Measurements (OGSMs).  The [Schedule of Activities]({{% ref "contribute/medic/product-development-process/schedule-of-events" %}}) has more on the timing of all this through out any given year.
```

Then add OKR and OGSM to `contribute/medic/product-development-process/schedule-of-events`!

Author: Great one! Thank you for the addition

---
title: "Product Development Process"
linkTitle: "Product Development Process"
weight: 2
description: >

>   What Product Development Process use follow at Medic

Reviewer 3: Started by fixing the typo, but then figured we could make the description more descriptive so that it shows well on the summary page.

```suggestion
  Explanation of the Continuous Discovery process used for product development at Medic
```

---

The Medic Product Team operates in a way that is most commonly referred to as [Continuous Discovery](/contribute/medic/product-development-process/continuous-discovery-overview). That process helps us to focus on the impact of our work and keep teammates well-aligned with the people who use the CHT.

> To allow teammates to truly learn from and empathize with those using the CHT we have aligned subteams with groups of users. These are called [Focused Groups](/contribute/medic/product-development-process/focused-groups) and we currently have 4 of them. Each group is focused on a specific set of users of the software we build and has an aligned roadmap. Roadmaps are made up of defined initiatives, which map to goals and strategies. There is a big emphasis on working towards outcomes (not only *outputs*). Product teammates work together, across disciplines, to understand opportunities for improvement, find solutions that will have an impact, and then build, deploy, and measure them.

Reviewer 3: Good paragraph, and trying to make it a bit more public friendly:

```suggestion
To allow teammates to truly learn from and empathize with those using the CHT the Medic Product team has cross-functional subteams, called [Focused Working Groups](/contribute/medic/product-development-process/focused-groups), each aligned with different user types. Each group is focused on a specific set of users of the CHT and has an aligned roadmap. Roadmaps are made up of defined initiatives, which map to goals and strategies. There is a big emphasis on working towards outcomes (not only *outputs*). Product teammates work together, across disciplines, to understand opportunities for improvement, find solutions that will have an impact, and then build, deploy, and measure them.
```
